My Dream Machine\nby\nAL Rachels\n\n(This essay was written the day the MS Surface Pro 2 was announced.)\nWow! If I had the money and could buy any computing device I wanted to, I would have to get the MS Surface Pro 2, which was just announced TODAY! There are a lot of good machines out there, but for overall versatility, I think the MS Surface Pro 2 is going to be the best. You can get it with 256GB of memory and it uses a regular desktop Intel i5 CPU chip. Having a regular desktop CPU instead of the usual mobile type CPU used in most tablets, does mean you will have to be careful about battery management.\n\nHere are some of my reasons for wanting the Surface Pro. First, being a tablet, it is very portable, light weight, big enough to be very useful, but not so heavy that it wears you out while carrying it around. It is easy enough to carry all the time but you do have to be careful that you don't walk off and leave it laying around somewhere to be stolen.\n\nSecond, it uses the Windows 8 operating system, so not only can you make use of many of the new apps available, you can install ANY Windows program for a desktop computer on it. The 1920-by-1080 pixel screen is a touch screen and responds very nicely to multiple finger touches, and the pen that comes with it. Yes, you can write on it like you can paper and it will automatically convert your handwriting to typed text! Another important factor, when using the pen, it ignores touch input so you can prop your hand on the surface, just as you would when writing on paper!\n\nThird, it has a micro SD memory card slot so that you don't have to use up regular memory with your games, movies, and music. You can have different memory cards set up with different contents and swap them out at a moments notice.\n\nFourth, and this is a biggy. It has a normal, full-size USB port which means you can hook up all kinds of devices, if you need to. You can use portable hard drives, DVD drives, a mouse, or even use a wireless Bluetooth headset for really good sound.\n\nMy final thought is that there are two different versions of keyboards you can get to go along with this tablet. Both attach magnetically. One has capacitive keys that do not move at all (cheapest) while the other one has more conventional keys that do move. They make it possible to use this tablet like it is a laptop, and with it's capabilities it is possible to use it as a replacement for a desktop computer. There is also a third type of cover, the Power Cover. It has another battery in it and can charge the tablets normal internal battery which makes it possible to do heavy gaming for up to TEN HOURS!\n\nOh, and did I mention, it can be hooked up to a regular monitor! So, that's what I would buy. What about you? What is your dream machine like?
/**/
1 simple essay
